Time threshold for Arbitrum batch tracker task failure detection (#397)
blockscout/docs: setup/env-variables/backend-envs-chain-specific.md

| `INDEXER_ARBITRUM_BATCHES_TRACKING_L1_FINALIZATION_CHECK_ENABLED` | Whether L1 transactions related to batches, confirmations, and executions need to be monitored for finalization or not. Implemented in [#9312](https://github.com/blockscout/blockscout/pull/9312).                                                                                                                                                                                                            | <p>Version: v6.7.0+<br>Default: <code>false</code><br>Applications: Indexer</p>                                      |
| `INDEXER_ARBITRUM_BATCHES_TRACKING_MESSAGES_TO_BLOCKS_SHIFT`      | Difference between the message count and actual rollup block numbers in the SequencerBatchDelivered event on L1. Applicable for ArbitrumOne only. Implemented in [#9312](https://github.com/blockscout/blockscout/pull/9312).                                                                                                                                                                                  | <p>Version: v6.7.0+<br>Default: <code>0</code><br>Applications: Indexer</p>                                          |

> | `INDEXER_ARBITRUM_BATCHES_TRACKING_FAILURE_THRESHOLD`             | The time threshold for transaction batch monitoring tasks. If a task has not run successfully within this threshold, it is marked as failed and enters a cooldown period before retrying. Implemented in [#12192](https://github.com/blockscout/blockscout/pull/12192). | <p>Version: master<br>Default: <code>10m</code><br>Applications: Indexer</p> |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `INDEXER_ARBITRUM_BATCHES_TRACKING_FAILURE_THRESHOLD`             | The time threshold for transaction batch monitoring tasks. If a task has not run successfully within this threshold, it is marked as failed and enters a cooldown period before retrying. Implemented in [#12192](https://github.com/blockscout/blockscout/pull/12192). | <p>Version: v8.0.0+<br>Default: <code>10m</code><br>Applications: Indexer</p> |
```
